First batch for the new components doc (#24571)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/public/components/migration.md

# Integrating with other components

> After your component has been created you can link it to other components such as flares (others like status pages, or health will come later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create your component, you can link it to other components such as flares. (Others, like status pages or health, will come later).
```
